 I'll undress you, 'cause you're tired Cover you as you desire When you fall asleep inside my arms May not have the fancy things But I'll give you everything You could ever want, it's in my arms So baby tell me yes And I will give you everything So baby tell me yes And I will be all yours tonight So baby tell me yes And I will give you everything  I'll be right by your side If I can't find the cure, I'll I'll fix you with my love No matter what you know, I'll I'll fix you with my love And if you say you're okay I'm gonna heal you anyway Promise I'll always be there Promise I'll be the cure (Be the cure) Rub your feet, your hands, your legs Let me take care of it, babe Close your eyes, I'll sing your favorite song I wrote you this lullaby Hush now baby, don't you cry Anything you want could not be wrong So baby tell me yes And I will give you everything So baby tell me yes And I will be all yours tonight So baby tell me yes And I will give you everything  I will be right by your side If I can't find the cure, I'll I'll fix you with my love No matter what you know, I'll I'll fix you with my love And if you say you're okay I'm gonna heal you anyway Promise I'll always be there Promise I'll be the cure (Be the cure) I'll fix you with my love(I'll fix you with my love-lo-love) I'll fix you with my love(I'll fix you with my love-lo-love) If I can't find the cure, I'll I'll fix you with my love No matter what you know, I'll I'll fix you with my love And if you say you're okay I'm gonna heal you anyway Promise I'll always be there Promise I'll be the cure (Be the cure) Promise I'll be the cure (Be the cure) I'll fix you with my love 
  Lady GaGa/RedOne Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah I wanna hold em' like they do in Texas plays Fold em' let em' hit me raise it baby stay with me I love it Luck and intuition play the cards with spades to start And after he's been hooked I'll play the one that's on his heart Oh oh oh oh ohhhh ohh oh e ohh oh oh I'll get him hot show him what I've got Oh oh oh oh ohhhh ohh oh e ohh oh oh I'll get him hot show him what I've got Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face Mum mum mum mah P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face Mum mum mum mah I wanna roll with him a hard pair we will be A little gambling is fun when you're with me I love it Russian roulette is not the same without a gun And baby when it's love if its not rough it isn't fun fun Oh oh oh oh ohhhh ohh oh e ohh oh oh I'll get him hot show him what I've got Oh oh oh oh ohhhh ohh oh e ohh oh oh I'll get him hot show him what I've got Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face Mum mum mum mah P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face Mum mum mum mah I won't tell you that I love you Kiss or hug you Cause I'm bluffing with my muffin I'm not lying I'm just stunning with my love glue gunning Just like a chick in the casino Take your bank before I pay you out I promise this promise this Check this hand cause I'm marvelous Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody Can't read my Can't read my No he can't read my poker face She's got to love nobody P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face Mum mum mum mah P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face Mum mum mum mah P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face Mum mum mum mah P-p-p-poker face p-p-poker face Mum mum mum mah 
Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah! Roma-roma-ma! Ga-ga-ooh-la-la! Want your bad romance Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah! Roma-roma-ma! Ga-ga-ooh-la-la! Want your bad romance I want your ugly I want your disease I want your everything As long as it’s free I want your love （Love-love-love I want your love） I want your drama The touch of your hand I want your leather-studded kiss in the sand And I want your love Love-love-love I want your love （Love-love-love I want your love） You know that I want you And you know that I need you I want your bad, your bad romance I want your love and I want your revenge You and me could write a bad romance （Oh-oh-oh-oooh!） I want your love and All your love is revenge You and me could write a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! Oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh! Caught in a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! Oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh! Caught in a bad romance Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah! Roma-roma-ma! Ga-ga-ooh-la-la! Want your bad romance I want your horror I want your design ‘Cause you’re a criminal As long as your mine I want your love （Love-love-love I want your love） I want your psycho Your vertical stick Want you in my room When your baby is sick I want your love Love-love-love I want your love （Love-love-love I want your love） You know that I want you （'Cause I'm a freak bitch baby!） And you know that I need you I want your bad, your bad romance I want your love and I want your revenge You and me could write a bad romance （Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh!） I want your love and All your love is revenge You and me could write a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! Oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh! Caught in a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! Oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh! Caught in a bad romance Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah! Roma-roma-ma! Ga-ga-ooh-la-la! Want your bad romance Walk walk fashion baby Work it Move that bitch crazy Walk walk passion baby Work it I'm a free bitch baby I want your love And I want your revenge I want your love I don’t wanna be friends J'veux ton amour Et je veux ton revenge J'veux ton amour I don’t wanna be friends Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! I don’t wanna be friends Caught in a bad romance I don’t wanna be friends Want your bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! Caught in a bad romance  Want your bad romance! I want your love and I want your revenge You and me could write a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! I want your love and All your love is revenge You and me could write a bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! Want your bad romance Caught in a bad romance Want your bad romance Oh-oh-oh-oh-oooh! Want your bad romance Caught in a bad romance Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah! Roma-roma-ma! Ga-ga-ooh-la-la! Want your bad romance 
 Troop Red one Konvict Gaga oh oh eh I've had a little bit too much much All of the people start to rush start to rush by How does he twist the dance can't find a drink oh man Where are my keys I lost my phone phone What's going on on the floor I love this record baby but I can't see straight anymore Keep it cool what's the name of this club I can't remember but it's alright a alright Just dance gonna be okay da da doo doo mmm Just dance spin that record babe da da doo doo mmm Just dance gonna be okay d d d dance Dance dance just just dance Wish I could shut my playboy mouth oh oh oh oh How'd I turn my shirt inside out inside outright Control your poison babe roses have thorns they say And we're all getting hosed tonight oh oh oh oh What's going on on the floor I love this record baby but I can't see straight anymore Keep it cool what's the name of this club I can't remember but it's alright a alright Just dance gonna be okay da da doo doo mmm Just dance spin that record babe da da doo doo mmm Just dance gonna be okay d d d dance Dance dance just just When I come through on the dance floor checkin' out that catalog Can't believe my eyes so many women without a flaw And I ain't gon' give it up Steady tryin' to pick it up like a car I'm a hit it I'm a hit it and flex and do it until tomorr' yeah Shawty I can see that you got so much energy The way you're twirlin' up them hips 'round and 'round And now there's no reason at all Why you can't leave here with me In the meantime stay and let me watch you break it down And dance gonna be okay da da doo doo mmm Just dance spin that record babe da da doo doo mmm Just dance gonna be okay da da doo doo mmm Just dance spin that record babe da da doo doo mmm Just dance gonna be okay d d d dance Dance dance just just dance Woo let's go Half psychotic sick hypnotic Got my blueprint it's symphonic Half psychotic sick hypnotic Got my blueprint electronic Half psychotic sick hypnotic Got my blueprint it's symphonic Half psychotic sick hypnotic Got my blueprint electronic Go use your muscle carve it out work it hustle I got it just stay close enough to get it Don't slow drive it clean it lights out bleed it Spend the lasto I got it In your pocko I got it Just dance gonna be okay da da doo doo mmm Just dance spin that record babe da da doo doo mmm Just dance gonna be okay da da doo doo mmm Just dance spin that record babe da da doo doo mmm Just dance gonna be okay d d d dance Dance dance just just dance 
You're giving me a million reasons to let you go You're giving me a million reasons to quit the show You're givin' me a million reasons Give me a million reasons Givin' me a million reasons About a million reasons  If I had a highway, I would run for the hills If you could find a dry way, I'd forever be still But you're giving me a million reasons Give me a million reasons Givin' me a million reasons About a million reasons  I bow down to pray I try to make the worst seem better Lord, show me the way To cut through all his worn out leather I've got a hundred million reasons to walk away But baby, I just need one good one to stay  Head stuck in a cycle, I look off and I stare It's like that I've stopped breathing, but completely aware 'Cause you're giving me a million reasons Give me a million reasons Givin' me a million reasons About a million reasons  And if you say something that you might even mean It's hard to even fathom which parts I should believe 'Cause you're giving me a million reasons Give me a million reasons Givin' me a million reasons About a million reasons  I bow down to pray I try to make the worst seem better Lord, show me the way To cut through all his worn out leather I've got a hundred million reasons to walk away But baby, I just need one good one to stay  Hey, ehh, ehh, eyy Baby I'm bleedin', bleedin' Stay, ehh, ehhy Can't you give me what I'm needin', needin' Every heartbreak makes it hard to keep the faith But baby, I just need one good one Good one, good one, good one, good one, good one  When I bow down to pray I try to make the worst seem better Lord, show me the way To cut through all his worn out leather I've got a hundred million reasons to walk away But baby, I just need one good one, good one Tell me that you'll be the good one, good one Baby, I just need one good one to stay  
 Rodney Jerkins，LaShawn Daniels，Lazonate Franklin  Lady GaGa，Beyoncé Knowles Hello, hello, baby; You called, I can't hear a thing. I have got no service in the club, you see, see… Wha-Wha-What did you say? Oh, you're breaking up on me… Sorry, I cannot hear you, I'm kinda busy. K-kinda busy K-kinda busy Sorry, I cannot hear you, I'm kinda busy. Just a second, it's my favorite song they're gonna play And I cannot text you with a drink in my hand, eh… You shoulda made some plans with me, you knew that I was free. And now you won't stop calling me; I'm kinda busy.  Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore! I left my hand and my heart on the dance floor. Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore! I left my hand and my heart on the dance floor. Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh… Stop telephonin' me! Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh… I'm busy! Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh… Stop telephonin' me! Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh…  Can call all you want, but there's no one home, and you're not gonna reach my telephone! Out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub, and you're not gonna reach my telephone! Call when you want, but there's no one home, and you're not gonna reach my telephone! Out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub, and you're not gonna reach my telephone!  Boy, the way you blowin' up my phone won't make me leave no faster. Put my coat on faster, leave my girls no faster. I shoulda left my phone at home, 'cause this is a disaster! Callin' like a collector -sorry, I cannot answer! Not that I don't like you, I'm just at a party. And I am sick and tired of my phone r-ringing. Sometimes I feel like I live in Grand Central Station. Tonight I'm not takin' no calls, 'cause I'll be dancin'. 'Cause I'll be dancin' 'Cause I'll be dancin' Tonight I'm not takin' no calls, 'cause I'll be dancin'!  Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore! I left my hand and my heart on the dance floor. Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore! I left my hand and my heart on the dance floor. Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore! I left my hand and my heart on the dance floor. Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore! I left my hand and my heart on the dance floor. Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh… Stop telephonin' me! Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh… I'm busy! Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh… Stop telephonin' me! Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh…  Can call all you want, but there's no one home, you're not gonna reach my telephone! 'Cause I'm out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub, and you're not gonna reach my telephone! Call when you want, but there's no one home, and you're not gonna reach my telephone! 'Cause I'm out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub, and you're not gonna reach my telephone!  My telephone! M-m-my telephone! 'Cause I'm out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub, and you're not gonna reach my telephone! My telephone! M-m-my telephone! 'Cause I'm out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub, and you're not gonna reach my telephone!  We're sorry…the number you have reached is not in service at this time. Please check the number, or try your call again   
 It's a little bit funny, this feeling inside I'm not one of those who can easily hide I don't have much money, but boy if I did I'd buy a big house where we both could live If I was a sculptor, but then again, no Or a man who makes potions on a traveling show I know it's not much, but it's the best I can do My gift is my song, and this one's for you And you can tell everybody this is your song It may be quite simple, but now that it's done I hope you don't mind I hope you don't mind that I put down in words How wonderful life is now you're in the world I sat on the roof and kicked off the moss Well, a few of the verses, well, they've got me quite cross But the sun's been quite kind while I wrote this song It's for people like you that keep it turned on So excuse me forgetting, these things I do You see, I've forgotten if they're green or they're blue Anyway, the thing is, what I really mean Yours are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen And you can tell everybody this is your song It may be quite simple, but now that it's done I hope you don't mind I hope you don't mind that I put down in words How wonderful life is while you're in the world I hope you don't mind I hope you don't mind that I put down in words How wonderful life is Now you're in, you're in, you're in, you're in the world 
     I, I walk along I, I walk along I, I walk along But then I trip upon myself and I fall I, I stand up, and then I'm OK But then you print some **** That makes me want to scream You wanna escape all of the crazy **** You're Marilyn, I'm the president And I love you hear you say Back of the club, taking shots, getting naughty No invitations, it's a private party What you want with my body Don't stop, let's party I wouldn't trade it in Cause it's our life What you want with my body Don't stop, let's party be the green in your blunt Your pusha man, yeah I got what you want What you want with my body Don't stop, let's party I wouldn't trade it in Cause it's our life What you want with my body Don't stop, let's party be the green in your blunt Your pusha man, yeah I got what you want I, I walk along But then I trip upon myself and I fall I, I stand up, and then I'm OK But then you print some **** That makes me want to scream I, I walk along But then I trip upon myself and I fall I, I stand up, and then I'm OK But then you print some **** That makes me want to scream You wanna escape all of the crazy **** You're Marilyn, I'm the president And I love you hear you say Back of the club, taking shots, getting naughty No invitations, it's a private party I, I walk along But then I trip upon myself and I fall I, I stand up, and then I'm OK But then you print some **** That makes me want to scream I, I walk along But then I trip upon myself and I fall I, I stand up, and then I'm OK But then you print some **** That makes me want to scream What you want with my body Don't stop, let's party I wouldn't trade it in Cause it's our life What you want with my body Don't stop, let's party be the green in your blunt Your pusha man, yeah I got what you want What you want with my body Don't stop, let's party I wouldn't trade it in Cause it's our life What you want with my body Don't stop, let's party be the green in your blunt Your pusha man, yeah I got what you want I I wouldn't trade it in Cause it's our life be the green in your blunt Your pusha man, yeah I got what you want I I wouldn't trade it in Cause it's our life be the green in your blunt Your pusha man, yeah I got what you want I I I I 
It doesn’t matter if you love him' or capital H-I-M Just put your paws up ’cause you were Born This Way' Baby My mama told me when i was young We are all born superstars She rolled my hair and put my lipstick on in the glass of her boudoir There’s nothing wrong with loving who you are she said' cause he made you perfect' babe So hold your head up girl and you’ll go far listen to me when I say I’m beautiful in my way ’cause god makes no mistakes I’m on the right track baby I was born this way Don’t hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you’re set I’m on the right track baby I was born this way ooo there ain’t no other way baby I was born this way baby I was born this way ooo there ain’t no other way baby I was born I’m on the right track baby I was born this way Don’t be a drag - just be a queen Don’t be a drag - just be a queen Don’t be a drag - just be a queen Don’t be! Give yourself prudence and love your friends Subway kid' rejoice your truth In the religion of the insecure I must be myself' respect my youth A different lover is not a sin Believe capital H-I-M （hey hey hey） I love my life I love this record and Mi Amore Vole Fe Yah （love needs faith） I’m beautiful in my way ’cause god makes no mistakes I’m on the right track baby I was born this way Don’t hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you’re set I’m on the right track baby I was born this way ooo there ain’t no other way baby I was born this way baby I was born this way ooo there ain’t no other way baby I was born I’m on the right track baby I was born this way Don’t be a drag' just be a queen Whether you’re broke or evergreen You’re black' white' beige' chola descent You’re lebanese' you’re orient Whether life’s disabilities Left you outcast' bullied' or teased Rejoice and love yourself today ‘Cause baby you were born this way No matter gay' straight' or bi' Lesbian' transgendered life I’m on the right track baby I was born to survive No matter black' white or beige Chola or orient made I’m on the right track baby I was born to be brave I’m beautiful in my way ’cause god makes no mistakes I’m on the right track baby I was born this way Don’t hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you’re set I’m on the right track baby I was born this way ooo there ain’t no other way baby I was born this way baby I was born this way ooo there ain’t no other way baby I was born I’m on the right track baby I was born this way I was born this way hey! I was born this way hey! I’m on the right track baby I was born this way hey! I was born this way hey! I was born this way hey! I’m on the right track baby I was born this way hey! 
Don't call me GaGa I've never seen one like that before Don't look at me like that You amaze me He ate my heart He a-a-ate my heart He ate my heart He a-a-ate my heart out He ate my heart He a-a-ate my heart He ate my heart He a-a-ate my heart out Look at him Look at me That boy is bad And honestly  He's a wolf in disguise But I can't stop staring In those evil eyes  I asked my girlfriend If she'd seen you round before She mumbled something while we got down on the floor baby We might've fucked not really sure, don't quite recall But something tells me that I've seen him, yeah That boy is a monster M-M-M-Monster That boy is a monster M-M-M-Monster That boy is a monster M-M-M-Monster That boy is a monster Er-er-er-er He ate my heart  I love that girl He ate my heart Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell He ate my heart  I love that girl He ate my heart Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell He licked his lips Said to me Girl you look good enough to eat Put his arms around me Said “Boy now get your paws Right off me”  I asked my girlfriend If she'd seen you round before She mumbled something while We got down on the floor baby We might've fucked not really sure, don't quite recall But something tells me that I've seen him, yeah That boy is a monster M-M-M-Monster That boy is a monster M-M-M-Monster That boy is a monster M-M-M-Monster That boy is a monster Er-er-er-er He ate my heart  (I love that girl) He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell) He ate my heart  (I love that girl) He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell)  He ate my heart He ate my heart Instead he's a monster in my bed He ate my heart He ate my heart Instead he's a monster in my bed I wanna Just Dance But he took me home instead Uh oh! There was a monster in my bed We french kissed on a subway train He tore my clothes right off He ate my heart then he ate my brain Uh oh uh oh (I love that girl) (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell) He ate my heart He a-a-ate He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell)  That boy is a monster M-m-m-monster (Could I love him?) That boy is a monster M-m-m-monster (Could I love him?) That boy is a monster M-m-m-monster (Could I love him?) That boy is a monster Er-er-er-er That boy is a monster M-m-m-monster (Could I love him?) That boy is a monster That boy is a monster M-m-m-monster (Could I love him?) That boy is a monster Er-er-er-er  
Tryin' to get control Pressure's takin' its toll Stuck in the middle zone I just want you alone My guessing game is strong Way too real to be wrong Caught up in your show Yeah, at least now I know  It wasn't love, it wasn't love It was a perfect illusion (Perfect illusion) Mistaken for love, it wasn't love It was a perfect illusion (Perfect illusion) You were a perfect illusion  I don't need eyes to see I felt you touchin' me High like amphetamine Maybe you're just a dream That's what it means to crush Now that I'm wakin' up I still feel the blow But at least now I know  It wasn't love, it wasn't love It was a perfect illusion (Perfect illusion) Mistaken for love, it wasn't love It was a perfect illusion (Perfect illusion)  Where are you? Cause I can't see you It was a perfect illusion But I feel you watchin' me Dilated, falling free In a modern ecstasy Where are you? Cause I can't see you It was a perfect illusion But I feel you watchin' me But I feel you watchin' me Illusion But I feel you watchin' me Mistaken for love Dilated, falling free In a modern ecstasy Mistaken for love In a modern ecstasy In a modern ecstasy  I'm over the show Yeah, at least now I know  It wasn't love, it wasn't love It was a perfect illusion (Perfect illusion) Mistaken for love, it wasn't love It was a perfect illusion(Perfect illusion) You were a perfect illusion It was a perfect illusion  It was a perfect illusion Somewhere in all the confusion It was a perfect illusion, illusion, illusion It was a perfect illusion Somewhere in all the confusion You were so perfect You were a, you were a perfect illusion 
I stand here waiting for you to bang the gong to crash the critic saying: is it right or is it wrong? If only fame had an IV baby could I bare, being away from you I found the vein put it here. I live for the applause, applause, applause. I live for the applause-plause, live for the applause-plause. Live for the way that you cheer and scream for me. The applause, applause, applause. Give me that thing that I love (i'll turn turn the lights out) Put your hands up make'em touch (make it real loud) Give me that thing that I love (i'll turn turn the lights out) Put your hands up make'em touch (make it real loud) A-P-P-L-A-U-S-E Make it real loud (put your hands up make'em touch) A-P-P-L-A-U-S-E Make it real loud (put your hands up make'em touch) I 've overheard your theory, nostalgia's for geeks. I guess sir, if you say so, some of us just like to read. One second I'm a Koons fan, suddenly the Kunst is me. Pop culture was in art now, Art in Pop culture in me. I live for the applause, applause, applause. I live for the applause-plause, live for the applause-plause. Live for the way that you cheer and scream for me. The applause, applause, applause. Give me that thing that I love (i'll turn turn the lights out) put your hands up make'em touch (make it real loud) Give me that thing that I love (i'll turn turn the lights out) Put your hands up make'em touch (make it real loud) A-P-P-L-A-U-S-E Make it real loud (put your hands up make'em touch) A-P-P-L-A-U-S-E Make it real loud (put your hands up make'em touch) Wooh! Touch-touch! Wooh! Touch-touch now! Wooh! I live for the applause, applause, applause. I live for the applause-plause, live for the applause-plause. Live for the way that you cheer and scream for me. The applause, applause, applause. Give me that thing that I love (i'll turn turn the lights out) put your hands up make'em touch (make it real loud) Give me that thing that I love (i'll turn turn the lights out) Put your hands up make'em touch (make it real loud) A-P-P-L-A-U-S-E Make it real loud (put your hands up make'em touch) A-P-P-L-A-U-S-E Make it real loud! (put your hands up make'em touch-touch) A-R-T-P-O-P 
We are the crowd We're c-comin' out Got my flash on it's true Need that picture of you It's so magical We'd be so fantastico Leather and jeans Garage Glamorous Not sure what it means But this photo of us it don't have a price Ready for those flashing lights Cause you know that baby I... I'm your biggest fan I'll follow you until you love me Papa-Paparazzi Baby there's no other superstar You know that I'll be your... Papa-Paparazzi Promise I'll be kind But I won't stop until that boy is mine Baby you'll be famous Chase you down until you love me Papa-Paparazzi I'll be your girl Backstage at your show Velvet ropes and guitars Yeah, cause you're my rock star In between the sets Eyeliner and cigarettes Shadow is burnt Yellow dance and we turn My lashes are dry Purple teardrops I cry It don't have a price Loving you is cherry pie Cause you know that baby I... I'm your biggest fan I'll follow you until you love me Papa-Paparazzi Baby there's no other superstar You know that I'll be your... Papa-Paparazzi Promise I'll be kind But I won't stop until that boy is mine Baby you'll be famous Chase you down until you love me Papa-Paparazzi Real good, We dance in the studio Snap Snap to that shit on the radio Don't stop for anyone We're plastic, but we still have fun I'm your biggest fan I'll follow you until you love me Papa-Paparazzi Baby there's no other superstar You know that I'll be your... Papa-Paparazzi Promise I'll be kind But I won't stop until that boy is mine Baby you'll be famous Chase you down until you love me Papa-Paparazzi 
It's like I just love a cowboy You know I'm just like I just I know it's bad But I'm just like Can I just like hang off the back of your horse And can you go a little faster  3 am mustang speedin' Two lovers headed for a dead end Too fast hold tight he laughs Runnin' through the red lights Hollerin' over rubber spinnin'  Big swig toss another beer can Too lit tonight prayin'  On the moonlight Every John is just the same  I'm sick of their city games I crave a real wild man I'm strung out on John wayne  Dat doo deet doe Dat doo deet doe dat doo deet doe  Baby let's get high John wayne  Dat doo deet doe Dat doo deet doe dat doo deet doe  Baby let's get high John wayne  Blue collar and a red state treasure Love junkie on a three day bender  His grip so hard eyes glare Trouble like a mug shot Charged up 'cause the man's on a mission 12 ya the gears are shiftin'  He called I cried we broke Racin' through the moonlight Every John is just the same I'm sick of their city games I crave a real wild man  I'm strung out on John wayne  Dat doo deet doe Dat doo deet doe dat doo deet doe  Baby let's get high John wayne Dat doo deet doe Dat doo deet doe dat doo deet doe  Baby let's get high John wayne So here I go To the eye Of the storm  Just to feel your love  Knock me over  Here I go  Into our love storm Dat doo deet doe Dat doo deet doe dat doo deet doe  Baby let's get high John wayne Dat doo deet doe Dat doo deet doe dat doo deet doe  Baby let's get high John wayne 
  It's  been  a  long  time  since  I  came  around It's  been  a  long  time  but  I'm  back  in  town And  this  time  I'm  not  leaving  without  you You  taste  like  whisky  when  you  kiss  me I'll  give  anything  again  to  be  your  baby  doll this  time  I'm  not  leaving  without  you You  said “Sit  back  down  where  you  belong In  the  corner  of  my  bar  with  your  high  heels  on." Sit  back  down  on  the  couch  where  we made  love  the  first  time and  you  said  to  me 'There's （something ）something  about  this  place." Something  about  lonely  nights and  my  lipstick  on  your  face Something,something  about  my  cool  Nebraska  guy There's  something  about,baby,Yo üAnd  I It's  been  two  years  since  I  let  you  go. I  couldn't  listen  to  a  joke  or  rock  and  roll. Your  muscle  cars  drove  a  truck  right  through  my  heart On  my  birthday  you  sang  me  a  Heart  of  Gold With  a  guitar  humming  and  no  clothes This  time  I'm  not  leaving  without  you Sit  back  down  where  you  belong; In  the  corner  of  my  bar  with  your  high  heels  on." Sit  back  down  on  the  couch  where  we Made  love  the  first  time  and  you  said  to  me 'There's  something,something  about  this  place." Something  about  lonely  nights and  my  lipstick  on  your  face Something,something  about  my  cool  Nebraska  guy Yeah  something  about,baby,Yo üAnd  I Yo üAnd  I Yo ü,Yo üAnd  I Yo ü,Yo üAnd  I Yo üAnd  I Yo üAnd  I Yo ü,Yo üAnd  I Oh  yeah I'd  rather  die Without  Yo üAnd  I Come  on Put  your  drinks  up! You  got  whole  lot  of  money  but  we  still  pay  rent Cuase  you  can  buy  a  house  in  a  heaven It's  only 3men  Imma  served  my  whole  life It's  my  dad  and  the  Nebraska  and  Jesus  Christ Something,something  about  the  chase Six  O  years Of  a  New  York  woman  born  to  run  you  down Still  want  my  lipstick  on  over  your  face Something,something  about just  knowing  when  it's  right So  put  your  drinks  up For  the  Nebraska,the  Nebraska,the  Nebraska I  love  you Yo üAnd  I Yo ü,Yo üAnd  I Baby  I'd  rather  die Without  you  and  I Yo üAnd  I Yo ü,Yo üAnd  I Nebraska  I'd  rather  die Without  you  and  I It's  been  a  long  time  since  I  came  around It's  been  a  long  time  but  I'm  back  in  town  And  this  time  I'm  not  leaving  without  you 
 Lady Gaga/RedOne  Lady Gaga/RedOne I'm in love with Judas I'm in love with Judas Judas! Judaas Judas! Judaas Judas! Judaas Judas! GAGA Judas! Judaas Judas! Judaas Judas! Judaas Judas! GAGA When he comes to me, I am ready Iˇll wash his feet with my hair if he needs Forgive him when his tongue lies through his brain Even after three times, he betrays me Iˇll bring him down, bring him down, down A king with no crown, king with no crown Iˇm just a Holy Fool, oh baby heˇs so cruel But Iˇm still in love with Judas, baby Iˇm just a Holy Fool, oh baby heˇs so cruel But Iˇm still in love with Judas, baby I'm in love with Judas I'm in love with Judas Judas! Judaas Judas! Judaas Judas! Judaas Judas! GAGA I couldnˇt love a man so purely Even darkness forgave his crooked way Iˇve learned our love is like a brick you can Build a house or sink a dead body Iˇll bring him down, bring him down, down A king with no crown, king with no crown Iˇm just a Holy Fool, oh baby heˇs so cruel But Iˇm still in love with Judas, baby Iˇm just a Holy Fool, oh baby heˇs so cruel But Iˇm still in love with Judas, baby I'm in love with Judas I'm in love with Judas In the most Biblical sense, I am beyond repentance Fame hooker, prostitute wench, vomits her mind But in the cultural sense I just speak in future tense Judas kiss me if offenced, Or wear an ear condom next time I wanna love you, But somethingˇs pulling me away from you Jesus is my virtue, Judas is the demon I cling to I cling to Iˇm just a Holy Fool, oh baby heˇs so cruel But Iˇm still in love with Judas, baby Iˇm just a Holy Fool, oh baby heˇs so cruel But Iˇm still in love with Judas, baby I'm in love with Judas I'm in love with Judas Judas! Judaas Judas! Judaas Judas! Judaas Judas! GAGA 
I know that we are young, And i know that you may love me, But i just can't be with you like this anymore, Alejandro  She's got both hands In her pocket And she wont look at you Won't look you at you She hides through love En su bolsillo She got a halo around her finger Around you  You know that I love you boy Hot like Mexico, rejoice At this point I gotta choose Nothing to loose  Don't call my name Don't call my name, Alejandro I'm not your babe I'm not your babe, Fernando  Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch Just smoke one cigarette and hush Don't call my name Don't call my name, Roberto  (Alejandro Alejandro Ale-ale-jandro Ale-ale-jandro) x2  Just stop Please, Just let me go Alejandro, Just let me go  She's not broken She's just a baby But her boyfriend's like a dad, just like a dad Draw those flames that burn before him Now he's gonna find a fight, gonna cool the bad  You know that I love you boy Hot like Mexico, rejoice At this point I gotta choose Nothing loose  Don't call my name Don't call my name, Alejandro I'm not your babe I'm not your babe, Fernando  Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch Just smoke one cigarette and hush Don't call my name Don't call my name, Roberto  (Alejandro Alejandro Ale-ale-jandro Ale-ale-jandro) x2  Dont bother me, Dont bother me, Alejandro Dont call my name, Dont call my name, Bye Fernando I'm not you're babe, I'm not you're babe, Alejandro Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Fernando  Dont call my name, Dont call my name, Alejandro I'm not you're babe, I'm not you're babe, Fernando Don't wanna kiss don't wanna touch. Just smoke one Ciggarette and hush. Don't call my name, Don't call my name, Roberto.  (Alejandro Alejandro Ale-ale-jandro Ale-ale-jandro) x2  Don't call my name, Don't call my name, Alejandro. I'm not you're babe, I'm not you're babe, Fernando Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch Just Smoke one Ciggarette and hush Don't call my name, Don't call my name, Roberto.  Alejandro  
  Mark Ronson/Lady Gaga  Mark Ronson/Lady Gaga Take my hand, stay Joanne Heaven's not ready for you Every part of my aching heart Needs you more than the angels do Girl, where do you think you're goin'? Where do you think you're goin', goin', girl? Girl, where do you think you're goin'? Where do you think you're goin', goin', girl?  If you could, I know that you'd stay We both know things don't work that way I promised I wouldn't say goodbye So I grin and my voice gets thin Girl, where do you think you're goin'? Where do you think you're goin', goin', girl? Girl, where do you think you're goin'? Where do you think you're goin', goin', girl?  Honestly, I know where you're goin' And baby, you're just movin' on And I'll still love you even if I can't see you anymore Can't wait to see you soar  Girl, where do you think you're goin'? Where do you think you're goin', goin', girl? Girl, where do you think you're goin'? Where do you think you're goin', goin', girl? Call me Joanne XO, Joanne XOXO, Joanne 
Yeah (Ohhh) Turn the mic up (yeah yeah) Eh eh eh eh.... I, I feel good I walk alone But then I trip upon myself and I fall I, I stand up, and then I'm okay But then you print some shit that makes me wanna scream So do what you want What you want with my body Do what you want Don't stop, let's party Do what you want What you want with my body Do what you want What you want with my body Write what you want Say what you want about me If you're wondering Know that I'm not sorry Do what you want What you want with my body What you want with my body You can't have my heart and You won't use my mind but Do what you want with my body Do what you want with my body You can’t stop my voice, cause You don't own my life but Do what you want with my body Do what you want with my body Early morning, longer nights Tom Ford, private flights Crazy schedule, fast life I wouldn't trade it in, cause it's our life (Let's slow it down) I could be the drink in your cup I could be the green in your blunt Your pusher man Yeah I got what you want You want to escape All of the crazy shit You're the Marilyn, I'm the president And I love to hear you sing, girl Do what I want Do what I want with your body Do what I want Do what I want with your body Back of the club, taking shots, getting naughty No invitations, it's a private party Do what I want, do what I want with your body Do what I want, do what I want with your body Yea we taking these haters and we roughin' em up And we layin' in the club like we don't give a fuck You can't have my heart and You won't use my mind but Do what you want with my body Do what you want with my body You can’t stop my voice, cause You don't own my life but Do what you want with my body Do what you want with my body Sometimes I'm scared I suppose If you ever let me go I would fall apart If you break my heart So just take my body And don't stop the party You can't have my heart and (help me now) You won't use my mind but Do what you want with my body Do what you want with my body You can’t stop my voice, cause You don't own my life but Do what you want with my body Do what you want with my body Do what you want with me What you want with my body Do what you want with me What you want with my body, girl Do what you want with me What you want with my body Do what you want with me What you want with my body, girl Help me now (What you want with my body) Do what you want with my body Do what you want with my body... 
Hey there sugar baby Saw you twice at the pop show You taste just like glitter Mixed with rock and roll I like you a lot lot Think you're really hot hot I know you think you're special When we dance real crazy Glamaphonic, electronic, disco baby I like you a lot lot All we want is hot hot  Boys boys boys We like boys in cars Boys boys boys Buy us drinks in bars Boys boys boys With hairspray and denim Boys boys boys We love them! We love them!  Baby is a bad boy With some retro sneakers Let's go see The Killers And make out in the bleachers I like you a lot lot Think you're really hot hot Let's go to the party Heard our buddy's the DJ Don't forget my lipstick I left it in your ashtray I like you a lot lot All we want is hot hot  Boys boys boys We like boys in cars Boys boys boys Buy us drinks in bars Boys boys boys With hairspray and denim Boys boys boys We love them! We love them! Boys boys boys We like boys in cars Boys boys boys Buy us drinks in bars Boys boys boys With hairspray and denim Boys boys boys We love them! We love them!  I'm not loose, I like to party Let's get lost in your Ferrari Not psychotic or dramatic I like boys and that is that Love it when you call me legs In the morning buy me eggs Watch your heart when we're together Boys like you love me forever  Boys boys boys We like boys in cars Boys boys boys Buy us drinks in bars Boys boys boys With hairspray and denim Boys boys boys We love them! We love them! Boys boys boys We like boys in cars Boys boys boys Buy us drinks in bars Boys boys boys With hairspray and denim Boys boys boys We love them! We love them! Boys boys boys We like boys in cars Boys boys boys Buy us drinks in bars Boys boys boys With hairspray and denim Boys boys boys We love them! We love them!  
 Lady GaGa  Abraham I don't know why you hurt inside What we said make you cry. I hope you can see You are the greatest thing to me and when You feel like you're not enough I'll give you wings，I'll lift you up I hope that you can see You are the greatest-greatest thing to me  I took off wanna to waste another day. And take care of you on the middle every day. All I can see was another day. Cause when I'm with you I'll fall apart I see your permanently broken heart Baby you're the greatest to me No-no matter what what. I don't know why you hurt inside What we said make you cry. I hope you can see You are the greatest thing to me and when You feel like you're not enough I'll give you wings，I'll lift you up I hope that you can see You are the greatest-greatest thing to me I took off wanna to waste another day. And take care of you on the middle every day. All I can see was another day. Cause when I'm with you I'll fall apart I see your permanently broken heart Baby you're the greatest to me No-no matter what what. I don't know why you hurt inside What we said make you cry. I hope you can see You are the greatest thing to me and when You feel like you're not enough I'll give you wings，I'll lift you up I hope that you can see You are the greatest-greatest thing to me Cause when I'm with you I'll fall apart I see your permanently broken heart Baby you're the greatest to me No-no matter what what. I don't know why you hurt inside What we said make you cry. I hope you can see You are the greatest thing to me and when You feel like you're not enough I'll give you wings，I'll lift you up I hope that you can see You are the greatest-greatest thing to me 
 Hillary Lindsey/Mark Ronson/Lady Gaga/M Tucker  Hillary Lindsey/Mark Ronson/Lady Gaga/M Tucker Here we go I can't wait to smoke them all Whole pack like Marlboro Blow it in your face blow it in your face Blow it in your blow it in your face I can't wait to rev you up Faster than you can say Ferrari Tearin' up the gravel watch you unravel Now it's a party Hey I can't wait to cast my spell Which one you'll never tell 'Cause I got it covered city gravy southern Got you drippin' like no other Get off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceilin' Off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceiling A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo I can't wait to blaze for real Track burns like a road rail Spin it in your face spin it in your face Play it in your play it in your face Can't wait to get you shook up Faster than you can try to hate it You can try to hate it you can try to fake it But baby I laced it Get off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceilin' Off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceiling A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' on 'em all A-yo a-yo A-yo A-yo a-yo A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all Get it da get it da get it get it Get off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceilin' Off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceiling A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo A-yo A-yo A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Hey yo 
 Greetings Himeros God of sexual desire Son of Aphrodite Lay back and feast as this audio guides you Through new and exciting positions I wanna be the Girl Under You I wanna be your G.U.Y Oh yeah I wanna be the Grave Unearth You Our sex doesn't tell us no lies I'm gonna wear the tie, want the power to leave you I'm aimin' for full control of this love (of this love) Touch me, touch me, don't be sweet Love me, love me, please retweet Let me be the Girl Under You that makes you cry I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) The Girl Under You, GUY I'm gonna say the word and own you You'll be my G.I.R.L Guy I'm Romancin' Loves to hold you Know you'll wear my makeup well I'm gonna wear the tie, want the power to leave you I'm aimin' for full control of this love (of this love) Touch me, touch me, don't be sweet Love me, love me, please retweet Let me be the Girl Under You that makes you cry I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) The Girl Under You, GUY I don't need to be on top to know I'm worth it 'Cuz I'm strong enough to know the truth I just want it to be hot Because I'm best when I'm in love, and I'm in love with you Touch me touch me Mount your goodness Touch me touch me As summer moon comes into full phase Get on top of me And Mars' warring spirit rams into the atmosphere Touch me touch me, don't be shy I'm in charge like a G.U.Y I'll lay down face up this time Under you like a G.U.Y I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) The Girl Under You, GUY I wanna be that guy (G.U.Y.) I'll wreck you right up, guy (G.U.Y.) I'll lay down face up, guy (G.U.Y.) (Achtzehn, Sechzehn） The Girl Under You, GUY (Fourteen) Vierzehn, Drei, Eins, Nein Zedd! Nein Zedd! Nein Zedd! Nein Zedd! 
Boy we’ve had a real good time and I wish you the best on your way, eh I didn’t mean to hurt you I never thought we’d fall out of place, eh eh  I have something that I love long-long But my friends keep ah-telling me that something’s wrong That I miss someone and eh, there’s nothing else I can say  (Eh, Eh) There’s nothing else I can say (Eh, Eh) I wish you never looked at me that way (Eh, Eh) There’s nothing else I can say (Eh, Eh)  Not that I don’t care about you Just that things got so complica- eh eh I met somebody cute and funny Got each other and that’s funny, eh eh  I have something that I love long-long But my friends keep ah-telling me that something’s wrong That I miss someone and eh, There’s nothing else I can say  (Eh, Eh) There’s nothing else I can say (Eh, Eh) I wish you never looked at me that way (Eh, Eh) There’s nothing else I can say (Eh, Eh)  (Eh, Eh) I have something that I love long-long But my friends keep ah-telling me that something’s wrong That I miss someone and eh, There’s nothing else I can say (Eh, Eh)  (Eh, Eh) There’s nothing else I can say (Eh, Eh) Wish you never looked at me that way (Eh, Eh) There’s nothing else I can say (Eh, Eh) Wish you never looked at me that way (Eh, Eh) There’s nothing else I can say  Cherry-Cherry boom-boom All I can say is Eh, Eh  
 Fernando Garibay  Stefani Germanotta There's no reason you and me should be alone Tonight' yeah babe Tonight' yeah babe I got the reason that you who take me home tonight I need a man that thinks it right when it's so wrong' Tonight yeah babe' Tonight yeah babe' Right on the limits where we know we both belong tonight It's time to feel the rush' To push the dangerous I'm gonna run back to' to the edge with you Where we can both fall in love I'm on the edge of glory' And I'm hanging on a moment of truth' I'm on the edge of glory' And I'm hanging on a moment with you' I'm on the edge The edge I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge with you Another shot' before we kiss the other side' Tonight' yeah babe Tonight' yeah babe I'm on the edge of something final we call life tonight Alright' alright Pull out your shade 'cause I'll be dancing in the flames Tonight' yeah babe Tonight' yeah babe It is the Heart the burden of my name' alright' alright It's time to feel the rush To push the dangerous I'm gonna run back to' to the edge with you Where we can both fall in love I'm on the edge of glory' And I'm hanging on a moment of truth' I'm on the edge of glory' And I'm hanging on a moment with you' I'm on the edge The edge~ I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge with you I'm on the edge with you I'm on the edge with you I'm on the edge of glory' And I'm hanging on a moment of truth' I'm on the edge of glory' And I'm hanging on a moment with you' I'm on the edge The edge~ I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge with you~~~~ 
Here we go I can't wait to smoke them all Whole pack like Marlboro Blow it in your face blow it in your face Blow it in your blow it in your face I can't wait to rev you up Faster than you can say Ferrari Tearin' up the gravel watch you unravel Now it's a party Hey I can't wait to cast my spell Which one you'll never tell 'Cause I got it covered city gravy southern Got you drippin' like no other Get off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceilin' Off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceiling A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo I can't wait to blaze for real Track burns like a road rail Spin it in your face spin it in your face Play it in your play it in your face Can't wait to get you shook up Faster than you can try to hate it You can try to hate it you can try to fake it But baby I laced it Get off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceilin' Off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceiling A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' on 'em all A-yo a-yo A-yo A-yo a-yo A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all Get it da get it da get it get it Get off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceilin' Off on me my body's got you pleadin' Light me up and breathe in Mirror on the ceiling A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Mirror on the ceiling A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo A-yo A-yo A-yo a-yo We smokin' 'em all A-yo a-yo Hey yo 
 Do you feel like you ever want To try my love and see how well it fits Baby can't you see when you look at me I can't kick this feeling when it hits Oh all alone in my bed at night I grab my pillow and squeeze it tight I think of you And I dream of you all of the time What am I gonna do I want your love I want your love (You know I want your love You know I need your love) I want your love I want your love (You know I want your love You know I need your love) I need your love I need your love I need your love I need your love I need your love I need your love I'll share my dreams And make you see How really bad Your love I need I want your love I need your love Just like the birds in the sky above I'll share my dreams And make you see How really bad Your love I need I'll share my dreams And make you see How really bad Your love I need I want your love I want your love (You know I want your love You know I need your love) I want your love I want your love (You know I want your love You know I need your love) I want your love I want your love (You know I want your love You know I need your love) I want your love I want your love (You know I want your love You know I need your love) I want your love I want your love You know I want your love You know I need your love You know I want your love You know I need your love You know I want your love You know I need your love You know I want your love You know I need your love You know I want your love You know I need your love You know I want your love I want your love I want your love 
I can't believe what you said to me Last night we were alone You threw your hands up Baby you gave up you gave up  I can't belive how you looked at me With your james dean glossy eyes In your tight jeans with your long hair And your cigarette stained lies Could we fix you if you broke And is your punch line just a joke  I'll never talk again Oh boy you've left me speechlees You've left me speechless so speechless And I'll never love again Oh boy you've left me speechlees You've left me speechless so speechless  I can't believe how you slurred at me With your half wired broken jaw You popped my heart seams On my bubble dreams bubble dreams  I can't believe how you looked at me With your johnnie walker eyes Hes gonna get you and after he's through Theres gonna be no love left to rye And I know that it's complicated But I'm a loser in love So baby, raise a glass to mend All the broken hearts Of all my wrecked up friends  I'll never talk again Oh boy you've left me speechlees You've left me speechless so speechless And I'll never love again Oh friend you've left me speechlees You left me speechless so speechless  And after all the drinks and bars that we've been to Would you give it all up? Could I give it allup for you? And after all the boys and girls that we've been through Would you give it all up? Could you give it all up? If I promise boy to you  That I'll never talk again And I'll never love again I'll never write a song Won't even sing along I'll never love again So speechless You left me speechless so speechless  Will you ever talk again Oh boy, why you so speechless? You've left me speechless so speechless Some men may follow me But you choose "death and company" Why you so speechless? Oh oh oh  
Corks off, it's on The party's just begun I promise this This drink is my last one I know that I fucked up again Because I lost my only friend God forgive my sins Don't leave me, I Oh I will hate myself until I die My heart would break without you Might not awake without you Been hurting low, from living high for so long I'm sorry, and I love you Sing with me, "Bell Bottom Blue" I'll keep searching for an answer cause I need you more than dope I need you more than dope Need you more than dope Need you more than dope I need you more than dope Toast one last puff And two last regrets Three spirits and Twelve lonely steps Up heaven's stairway to gold Mine myself like coal A mountain of a soul Each day, I cry Oh, I feel so low from living high My heart would break without you Might not awake without you Been hurting low, from living high for so long I'm sorry, and I love you Sing with me, "Bell Bottom Blue" I'll keep searching for an answer cause I need you more than dope I need you more than dope Need you more than dope Need you more than dope I need you more than dope I need you more Need you more I need you more than dope 
I confess I am lost In the age of the social  On our knees take a test To be lovin' and grateful Shots were fired on the street  By the church where we used to meet  Angel down angel down  But the people just stood around  I'm a believer it's a trial Foolish and weaker oh oh oh  I'd rather save an angel down  I'm a believer it's chaos  Where are our leaders oh oh oh I'd rather save an angel down  Doesn't everyone belong  In the arms of the sacred Why do we pretend we're wrong  Has our young courage faded  Shots were fired on the street  By the church where we used to meet  Angel down angel down  Why do people just stand around  I'm a believer it's a trial Foolish and weaker oh oh oh  I'd rather save an angel down  I'm a believer it's chaos  Where are our leaders oh oh oh  I'd rather save an angel down  Who who who who who  Who who who who who  I'm a believer it's a trial  Foolish and weaker oh oh oh  I'd rather save an angel down  I'm a believer it's chaos  Where are our leaders oh oh oh  I'd rather save an angel down  Save that angel  Hear that angel Catch my angel  Save that angel Hear that angel Catch my angel  Hear that angel Hear that angel Catch my angel  Save that angel  Hear that angel Catch my angel  Hear that angel  Catch my angel 
It's been a long time since I came around Been a long time but I'm back in town And this time I'm not leavin' without you You taste like whiskey when you kiss me awe I'd give anything again to be your babydoll This time I'm not leaving without you He said, sit back down where you belong In the corner of my bar with your high heels on Sit back down on the couch Were we made love the first time And you said to me （There's Somethin'）Somethin Somethin' about this place Somethin' 'bout lonely nights And my lipstick on your face Somethin' Somethin' about My cool Nebraska guy Yeah somethin' about Baby you and I It's been two years since I let you go I couldn't listen to a joke or rock n' roll And muscle cars drove a truck Right through my heart On my birthday you sang me "Heart of Gold" With a guitar hummin' and no clothes This time I'm not leaving without you He said, sit back down where you belong In the corner of my bar with your high heels on Sit back down on the couch Were we made love the first time And you said to me （There's Somethin'）Somethin' Somethin' about this place Somethin' 'bout lonely nights And my lipstick on your face Somethin' Somethin' about My cool Nebraska guy Yeah somethin' about Baby you and I You and I You you and I You you and I You you and I You and I You you and I Oh yeah I'd rather die Without you and I （Come on put your drinks up） We gotta whole lotta money But we still pay rent 'Cause you can't buy a house in heaven There's only three men that ima serve my whole life It's my daddy and Nebraska and Jesus Christ （There's Somethin'）Somethin' Somethin' about the chase （6 Whole years） I'm a New York woman born to run you down Still want my lipstick all over your face There's somethin' Somethin' about Just knowin' when it's right So put your drinks for Nebraska For Nebraska Nebraska I love you You and I You you and I Baby I'd rather die Without you and I You and I You you and I Nebraska I'd rather die Without you and I It's been a long time since I came around Been a long time but I'm back in town And this time I'm not leavin' without you 
Your mom says, "Hi" — Jinx! Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah no no Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah  Summertime in the city And everybody's having sex You know I just got a page from a girl that I met last week at the Payless Shoe stores I also have a cutie to call who likes the way I knock on her boots Well let's help them back Let's handle that In two-to-six hours, We'll meet back here and regroup Now let's shoop Roll up to her crib with some Bartles & James Hop off the buss with the Alizé Now hold up player, whatchu diggity-doing here? I should diggity-ask you the same And she sang Hey, boys I want you both I hope that you think that's cool (Say word?) I know most guys won't freak together She forgot about the Golden Rule — a huh huh  It's OK to put us in a three-way It's not gay when it's in a three-way With a honey in the middle there's some leeway The area's grey in a one, two, three-way  Normally, I don't get down with dudes But tonight is a special exception (Great) See you're my best friend Through thick and thin Now it's time to make a triple connection Lights off Here in the dark (Here in the dark) It's so hard to tell (So hard to tell) Where her body ends (La la) And my homie's begins (Ew wee) This rule dates back (The Golden Rule) To ancient Greece (Takin' about Cesar) We're two Jack Trippers and a Chrissy The new Three's Company  It's OK to put us in a three-way It's not gay when it's in a three-way With a honey in the middle there's some leeway The area's grey in a one, two three-way Fellas. Get ready. Doin' us a chick Helicopter dick, go! Hellicopter d*ck. Helicopter dick Doin' us a chick Helicopter dick  And all of that was OK 'Cuz it was in a three-way It's right there when you see the instant replay (boom) Maybe two is enough That's what they'll say But we'll say, "Hell no." It's a one, two, three-way Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah 
Rocket #9 take off to the planet (To the planet) Venus Aphrodite lady seashell bikini (Garden panty) Venus Let's blast off to a new dimension (In your bedroom) Venus Aphrodite lady seashell bikini (Get with me) Venus I can’t help the way I’m feeling Goddess of love please take me to your leader I can’t help I keep on dancin' Goddess of Love! Goddess of Love! Take me to your planet (to the planet) Take me to your planet (to the planet) Take me to your leader (to the planet) Your leader, Your leader (to the planet) Take me to your planet (to the planet) Take me to your planet (to the planet) Take me to your Venus (to the planet) Your Venus, Your Venus (to the planet)  When you touch me I die Just a little inside I wonder if this could be love This could be love Cuz you’re out of this world Galaxy, space and time I wonder if this could be love Have an oyster, baby Venus It’s Aphrod-isy Act sleazy Venus Worship to the land A girl from the planet (to the planet) I can’t help the way I’m feeling Goddess of love please take me to your leader I can’t help I keep on dancin' Goddess of Love! Goddess of Love! Take me to your planet (to the planet) Take me to your planet (to the planet) Take me to your leader (to the planet) Your leader, Your leader (to the planet) Take me to your planet (to the planet) Take me to your planet (to the planet) Take me to your Venus (to the planet) Your Venus, Your Venus (to the planet) When you touch me I die  Just a little inside I wonder if this could be love This could be love Cuz you’re out of this world Galaxy, space and time I wonder if this could be love This could be love I wonder if this could be love This could be love Goddess of Love I wonder if this could be love Venus Neptune Go Now serve Pluto Saturn Jupiter Mercury, Venus - uh ha! Uranus! Don’t you know my ass is famous? Mars Now serve for the gods Earth, serve for the stars! When you touch me I die Just a little inside I wonder if this could be love This could be love Cuz you’re out of this world Galaxy space and time I wonder if this could be love This could be love I wonder if this could be love This could be love Goddess of Love I wonder if this could be love  Venus 
 Kierszenbaum (Germanotta)  Kierszenbaum (Germanotta) Silicone, saline, poison, inject me. Baby, I'm a free bit(ch) I'm a free bit(ch)  Some girls won't dance to the beat of the track Won't walk away, but she won't look back She looks good, but her boyfriend says she's a mess She's a mess, she's a mess Now the girl is stressed She's a mess, She's a mess, She's a mess, She's a mess  Baby love to dance in the dark Cuz' when he's looking she falls apart Baby love to dance in the dark Baby love to dance in the dark Cuz when he's looking she falls apart Baby love to dance, love to dance in the dark Dance  Around her kiss is a vampire gri Moonlights away, while she's humming at it She looks good, but her boyfriend says shes a tramp She's a tramp, she's a vamp But she still does her dance She's a tramp, she's a vamp But she still gives the dance Kill em'  Baby love to dance in the dark Cuz' when he's looking she falls apart Baby love to dance in the dark Baby love to dance in the dark Cuz when he's looking she falls apart Baby love to dance, love to dance in the dark Dance  She loves to dance in the dark In the dark She love, she loves to dance in the dark.  Marilyn, Judy, Sylvia, tell them how you feel girls. Work your ass Benet Ramsey haunt like liberachi Find your freedom in the music Find your jesus, find your cupid You will never fall apart Diana You're still in our hearts Never let you fall apart Together we'll dance in the dark  Baby love to dance in the dark Cuz' when he's looking she falls apart Baby love to dance in the dark Baby love to dance in the dark Cuz when he's looking she falls apart Baby love to dance, love to dance in the dark Dance  
Come to me, in all your glamour, and cruelty Just do that thing that you do And I'll undress you Give it time, sometimes the simplest move is right The melody that you choose Can rescue you? A hybrid can withstand these things My heart can beat with bricks and strings My artpop could mean anything We could, we could, belong together (artpop) We could, we could, belong together (artpop) We could, we could, belong together (artpop) ARTPOP, ARTPOP Come to me, without a sub-tech and fantasy Just do that thing that you do For my love is you Love is fly, I've flown my beaches with lover's side Look at the better you choose And profit you A hybrid can withstand these things My heart can beat with bricks and strings My artpop could mean anything Could try to sell you out or I Could show all the reasons why my artpop could mean anything We could, we could, belong together (artpop) We could, we could, belong together (artpop) We could, we could, belong together (artpop) ARTPOP, ARTPOP Brushing your darkness won't help you create your destiny of super Artpop could mean anything Anything I try to sell myself, but I am really laughing Because I just love the music not the bling Music not the bling We could, we could, belong together (artpop) We could, we could, belong together (artpop) We could, we could, belong together (artpop) ARTPOP, ARTPOP We could, we could, belong together (artpop) We could, we could, belong together (artpop) We could, we could, belong together (artpop) ARTPOP, ARTPOP Free my mind, ARTPOP You make my heart stop 
I don t know why you hurt inside Or what was said to make you cry I hope that you can see You are the greatest thing to me and when I don t wanna waste another day without telling you Baby, you re great and I can see written on your face something you can make Cause when I m with you I, I fall apart to heal your permanently broken heart Baby, you re the greatest to me No, no matter what, what, what I don t know why you hurt inside Or what was said to make you cry I hope that you can see You are the greatest thing to me and when You feel like you re not enough I ll give you wings, I ll lift you up I hope that you can see You are the greatest, greatest thing to me When all your thoughts are dark And insecure I ll build a light cause baby, I m sure Loving you makes me better right Take on your shadows And make sure that you will shine Cause when I m with you I, I fall apart to heal your permanently broken heart Baby, you re the greatest to me No, no matter what, what, what I don t know why you hurt inside Or what was said to make you cry I hope that you can see You are the greatest thing to me and when You feel like you re not enough I ll give you wings, I ll lift you up I hope that you can see You are the greatest, greatest thing to me The the greatest thing, greatest thing, greatest thing to me C mon and pick myself so nobody else will listen me The the greatest thing, greatest thing, greatest thing to me C mon and pick myself so nobody else will listen me Cause when I m with you I, I fall apart to heal your permanently broken heart Baby, you re the greatest to me No, no matter what, what, what I don t know why you hurt inside Or what was said to make you cry I hope that you can see You are the greatest thing to me and when You feel like you re not enough I ll give you wings, I ll lift you up I hope that you can see You are the greatest, greatest thing to me 
Sometimes a story has no end Sometimes I think that we could just be friends 'Cuz I'm wanderin' man, he said to me: And what about our future plans? Does this thing we have even make sense? When I got the whole world in front of me So I said: I don't wanna be alone forever But I can be tonight I don't wanna be alone forever But I love Gypsy life I don't wanna be alone forever Maybe we could see the world together I don't wanna be alone forever But I can be tonight So I just packed my baggage and Said goodbye to family and friends And took a road to nowhere on my own Like Dorothy on the yellow brick Hope my ruby shoes get us there quick 'Cuz I left everyone I love at home And I don't wanna be alone forever But I can be tonight I don't wanna be alone forever But I love Gypsy life I don't wanna be alone forever Maybe we could see the world together I don't wanna be alone forever But I can be tonight tonight 'Cuz I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm A Gypsy, Gypsy, Gypsy, I'm I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, A Gypsy, Gypsy, Gypsy, I'm I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, A Gypsy, Gypsy, Gypsy, I'm I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, A Gypsy, Gypsy, Gypsy, I'm And then he asked me, he said baby, why do we love each other? I said, honey, it's simple It's the way that you love and treat your mother Thought that I would be alone forever But I won't be tonight I'm a man without a home But I think with you I can spend my life And you'll be my little Gypsy princess Pack your bags and we can chase the sunset Bust the rearview and fire up the jets 'Cuz it's you and me Baby for life (If you go with me) For life (See the world with me) 'Cuz I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm A Gypsy, Gypsy, Gypsy, I'm I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm A Gypsy, Gypsy, Gypsy, I'm Russian, UK, Paris, I'm Italian, Asian Kompai African, India, I'm A Gypsy, Gypsy, Gypsy, I'm Latin-American, I don't speak German but I try Someday, in Jakarta, I'm American, I'm Gypsy, I Bangkok, Australia, Malaysia, Sweden, Finland, Norway Be my home just for the day I'm a Gypsy, Gypsy, Gypsy, hey! 
Yeah man play that New York drum Homer Show 'em how we do it Downtown  Just another way to prove I love you And it's hard today I'll lay back in my chair and find a way  And when you say that thing that you say That makes me mad I'll turn away I'll turn away I'll turn away  And think of different ways to keep my spirits up  And choreograph hours with playful joyous thoughts We both know I could learn a thing or two  About relaxing hey I love you And after all it's just another day  Oh I could use some two or three Or other kind of ways to be But today I won't be so hard on me  I'll walk alone down a different street  And smile at all the new strange I meet  And pick up unique style I'll kick around today  And create simple thoughts I'll laugh in humble ways We both know I could learn a thing or two About behaving but I love you And after all it's just another day  Come on Mark Ladies and gentlemen Brian Newman We both know I could learn a thing or two  About behaving but I love you And after all it's just another day  And after all It's just another day 
Young wild American Lookin' to be somethin' Out of school go go'n For a hundred or two Some asshole broke me in Wrecked all my innocence I'll just keep go go'n And this dance is on you One five ten lay a million on me Before the end of this song Young wild American C'mon baby do you have a girlfriend Rain on me a million I'm not flawless but I gotta diamond heart Oh I I might not be flawless but you know I gotta diamond heart Oh I I might not be flawless but you know I gotta diamond heart Young wild American Head full of jameson Girl's playin' bad 'cause it doesn't pay to be good A cruel king made me tough Daddy's girl's never good enough I'll just keep go go'n 'Cause this dance is on you One five ten lay a million on me Before the end of this song Young wild American C'mon baby do you have a girlfriend Rain on me a million I'm not flawless but I gotta diamond heart Oh I I might not be flawless but you know I gotta diamond heart Oh I I might not be flawless but you know I gotta diamond heart Good thing I know what I'm worth Want a good thing put the money down first Better get a good look baby 'Cause soon I'm breaking out of here Young wild American C'mon baby do you have a girlfriend Rain on me a million I'm not flawless but I gotta diamond heart Oh I I might not be flawless but you know I gotta diamond heart Oh I I might not be flawless but you know I gotta diamond heart Diamond heart 
I killed my former AND Left her in the trunk on highway 10  Put the knife under the hood If you find it Send it straight to Hollywood  Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Aura-a-a-a Aura-a-a-a  I'm not a wandering slave I am a woman of choice My veil is protection for the gorgeousness of my face You want to pity me cuz was arranged one man to love But in the bedroom, The size of HIM'S more than enough  Do you wanna see me naked, lover? Do you wanna peek underneath the cover? Do you wanna see the girl who lives behind the aura, behind the aura? Do you wanna touch me, cosmic lover Do you wanna peek underneath the cover? Do you wanna see the girl who lives behind the aura Behind the aura, Behind the aura, Behind the aura  Enigma popstar is fun She wear burqa for fashion It's not a statement as much as just a move of passion I may not walk on your street Or shoot a gun on your soil I hear you screaming Is it because of pleasure or toil  Dance, Sex ,Art，Pop, Tech  Do you wanna see me naked, lover? Do you wanna peek underneath the cover? Do you wanna see the girl who lives behind the aura, behind the aura? Do you wanna touch me, cosmic lover Do you wanna peek underneath the cover? Do you wanna see the girl who lives behind the aura? Behind the aura, Behind the aura, Behind the curtain, Behind the burqa.  
Whenever I'm dressed cool my parents put up a fight And I'm hotshot mom will cut my hair at night And in the morning I'm short of my identity I speak: mom and dad why can't I be who I wanna be? To be I just wanna be myself and I want you to love me for who I am I just wanna be myself and I want you to know I am hair I've had enough! This is my prayer That I'll die living just as free as my hair I've had enough! This is my prayer That I'll die living just as free as my hair I've had enough! I'm not a freak I'm just keep fighting to stay cool on the streets I've had enough, enough, enough And this is my prayer, I swear, I'm as free as my hair I'm as free as my hair I am my hair~ free as my hairrrrrr~ Sometimes I want some bright on highlights Just because I want my friend to think that I am dynamite And on party, roxy, high school dance I got my bangs too hard that I don't stand a chance A chance I just wanna be myself and I want you to love me for who I am I just wanna be myself and I want you to know I am my hair  I've had enough! This is my prayer That I'll die living just as free as my hair I've had enough! This is my prayer That I'll die living just as free as my hair I've had enough! I'm not a freak I'm just keep fighting to stay cool on the streets I've had enough, enough, enough And this is my prayer, I swear, I'm as free as my hair I'm as free as my hair I am my hair, I am my hair I just wanna be free, I just wanna be me And I want lots of friends that invite me to their parties Don't wanna change and I don't wanna be ashamed I'm the spirit of my hair, it's all the glory that I bare I'm my hair, I am my hair It's all the glory that I bare I'm my hair-am my hair I'm my hair-am my hair yeah! I've had enough! This is my prayer That I'll die living just as free as my hair I've had enough! This is my prayer That I'll die living just as free as my hair I've had enough! I'm not a freak I'm just keep fighting to stay cool on the streets I've had enough, enough, enough And this is my prayer, I swear, I'm as free as my hair (This is my prayer! I'm not a freak!) I am my hair I am my hair-am my hair 
 I am so fab Check out I'm blonde I'm skinny I'm rich, And I'm a little bit of a bitch I wanna dress you up in silk, Taffeta Tailor these clothes to fit your guilt, what's your size? This purse can hold my black card and tiara Versace promises I will, Dolce Vita What do you wanna wear this spring? What do you think is the new thing? What do you wanna wear this season? Donatella (I'm smokin' 'em on full tank of gas) Mi-Mi-Bella (I'm a rich bitch, I'm the upper class) All of the day (I'm the pearl to your oyster, I'm a babe) I'm gonna smoke Marlboro Lights and drink Champagne (I smoke Marlboro Reds and drink Champagne) Donatella 'Cause she walks so bad, like it feels so good Listen to her radiate her magic Even though she knows she's misunderstood Voodoo, Voodoo, Voo-Don-Na-Na Walk down the runway, but don't puke, It's okay You just had a salad today, Boulangerie Just ask your gay friends their advice, before you Get a spray tan on Holiday, in Taipei What do you wanna wear this spring? What do you think is the new thing? What do you wanna wear this season? Donatella (I'm smokin' 'em on full tank of gas) Mi-Mi-Bella (I'm a rich bitch, I'm the upper class) All of the day (I'm the pearl to your oyster, I'm a babe) I'm gonna smoke Marlboro Lights and drink Champagne (I smoke Marlboro Reds and drink Champagne) Donatella 'Cause she walks so bad, like it feels so good Listen to her radiate her magic Even though she knows she's misunderstood Voodoo, Voodoo, Voo-Don-Na-Na Check it out, take it in Who's that bitch, she's so thin (Ooh nah nah nah) She's so rich, and so blonde She so fab, it's beyond What do you wanna wear this spring? What do you think is the new thing? What do you wanna wear this season? Donatella, Donatella All of the day I'm gonna wear designer and forget your name Donatella, Donatella 'Cause she walks so bad, like it feels so good Listen to her radiate her magic Even though she knows she's misunderstood Voodoo, Voodoo, Voo-Don-Na-Na Voo-Don-Na-Na 
 Lady GaGa  Abraham I’m gonna Marry the Night I won’t give up on my life I’m a warrior queen Live passionately Tonight. I'm gonna Marry the Dark Gonna make love to the stars. I'm a soldier to my own emptiness I'm a winner I’m gonna Marry the Night I’m gonna Marry the Night I’m gonna Marry the Night I'm gonna Marry The Night I'm not gonna cry anymore I'm gonna Marry the Night Leave nothing on the street to explore m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry the Night m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry the Night I'm gonna lace up my boots Throw on some leather and cruise Down the streets that I love And my fishnet gloves I'm a sinner We're gonna go down to the bar Where I won't cry anymore I'll hold my whiskey up high Kiss the bartender twice I'm a loser I'm gonna Marry The Night I'm gonna Marry The Night I'm gonna Marry The Night I'm not gonna cry anymore I'm gonna Marry The Night Leave nothing on the street to explore m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry the Night m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry the Night Nothing's to cool To take me from you New York is not just a town that you never knew Love is the new denim or black Skeleton guns or wedding bells in the attic Get your engine ready cause I'm coming out front Wont poke holes in the seat with my heals thats where we make love Come on and run Come on and run I'm gonna marry the night  i'm gonna burn a hole in the road I'm gonna marry the night  leave nothing on these streets to explore m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry  m-m-m-marry the night oh m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry  m-m-m-marry the night oh m-m-m-marry m-m-m-marry  m-m-m-marry the night I'm gonna marry marry I'm gonna marry marry come on come on' the night the night the night the night the night the night the night the night the night the night the night the night the night the night the night 
  You told me "it gets better, it gets better,in time" You say I'll hold myself together, pull it together, "You'll be fine" Tell me what the hell do you know What do you know Tell me how the hell could you know How could you know Till it happens to you You don't know how it feels How it feels. Till it happens to you You won't know it won't be real No It won't be real Won't know how it feels You tell me "hold your head up" Hold your head up and be strong Cause when you fall, you gotta get up You gotta get up and move on." Tell me, how the hell can you talk How can you talk? Cause until you walk where I walk It's just no joke Till it happens to you You don't know how it feels How it feels. Till it happens to you You won't know it won't be real (how could you know?) No It won't be real (how could you know?) Won't know how I feel Till your world burns and crashes Till you're at the end,the end of your rope Till you're standing in my shoes, I don't wanna hear a thing or two From you, from you, cause you don't know Till it happens to you You don't know how I feel How I feel How I feel Till it happens to you You won't know it won't be real (how could you know?) No It won't be real (how could you know?) Won't know how It feels Till it happens to you, happens to you Happens to you. Happens to you, happens to you Happens to you ( how could you know?) Till it happens to you You won't know how I feel 
Put some, lipstick on Perfume your neck, and slip your high heels on Rinse, and curl your hair  Loosen your hips, and get a dress to wear  I'm the one who's Been coming around, looking to love-in-you  You're the medicine, I need to heal The way you make me feel...! I'm going to be manicured He want to be manicured Ma ma ma manicure She wants to be manicured Salon’s enough for her Not to feel so insecure Ma ma ma manicure She won't be together, no Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it? I’m addicted to the love that you give me Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Like a serial killer, man is a goner  Touch me, in the dark Put your hands all over my body parts  Throw me, on the bed Squeeze, tease, and please do what I said! 'Cause I'm the chick whose  Been coming around looking to love-in-you  You're the medicine, I need to give away The way you make me feel... manicured I'm going to be manicured He want to be manicured Ma ma ma manicure She wants to be manicured Salon’s enough for her Not to feel so insecure Ma ma ma manicure She won't be together, no Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it? I’m addicted to the love that you give me Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Like a serial killer, man is a goner  Heal me!  Cause I'm addicted to love!  Save me!  Cause I'm addicted to love! (MANI-i-CURE!) I'm going to be manicured He want to be manicured Ma ma ma manicure She wants to be manicured Salon’s enough for her Not to feel so insecure Ma ma ma manicure She won't be together, no Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it? I’m addicted to the love that you give me Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Like a serial killer, man is a goner 
Came down the mountain  Draggin' our love affair  Put on a pretty little number I'm wearing you still  It was a hell of a scene at daddy's feast  Nobody saw it coming but the little red devil in me  He has a funny way saying forever too fast  Don't get mad can't blame a tramp For something he don't have  I get on my knees and beg you  Hear my sinner's prayer  I am what I am  And I don't wanna break the heart of any other man But you but you  Hear my sinner's prayer  It's the only one I know  It sure as hell don't rhyme But it's as good as good as good as good as gold  Got a baby sister who looks just like me  She wants nothing more than a man to please  Maybe she's in too deep  Her love for him ain't cheap  But it breaks just like a knockoff piece From Fulton street  The man's got a gift for getting what he wants  He's thirsty when he drinks Gets on the brink and throws her off I get on my knees and beg you  Hear my sinner's prayer  I am what I am  And I don't wanna break the heart of any other man But you but you  Hear my sinner's prayer  It's the only one I know  It sure as hell don't rhyme But it's as good as good as good as good as gold  Good as good as good as good as gold  I can carry you but not your ghosts  Wish I had the faith but I don't know oh  Hear my sinner's prayer  I am what I am  And I don't wanna break the heart of any other man But you but you  Hear my sinner's prayer  Only one I know  It sure as hell don't rhyme But it's as good as good as good as good as gold  Good as good as good as good as gold  Good as good as good as gold  Good as good as good as good as gold  Good as good as good as good as gold 
Hey girl can you hear me Are you holding out your heart Hey girl do you feel me Sometimes I go too far Hey girl it ain't easy I know it's pulling me apart But darlin' don't you leave me Baby don't you leave me Hey girl hey girl We can make it easy if we lift each other Hey girl hey girl We don't need to keep on one in up another Hey girl hey girl Hey girl hey girl If you lose your way Just know that I got you Just know that I got you Lady is it lonely I been callin' out your name Tell me that you need me 'Cause I need you just the same Everyday a heartache I'm just tryin' to keep it sane But I know you believe me Baby don't you leave me Hey girl hey girl We can make it easy if we lift each other Hey girl hey girl We don't need to keep on one in up another Hey girl hey girl Hey girl hey girl If you lose your way Just know that I got you Help me hold my hair back Walk me home 'cause I can't find a cab And we dance down the bowery Held hands like we were 17 again And then it's 4 am The sun is creepin' up again Don't you leave me Oh darling don't you leave me Hey girl hey girl We can make it easy if we lift each other Hey girl hey girl We don't need to keep on one in up another Hey girl hey girl Hey girl hey girl If you lose your way Just know that I got you Just know that Just know that I got you Just know that Just know that Just know that Help me hold my hair back Walk me home 'cause I can't find a cab And we dance down the bowery Held hands like we were 17 again 
Tap down those boots while I beat around Let's funk downtown  Tap down those boots while I beat around Funk me downtown  I lay around touch myself to pass the time  I feel down I wish you were mine  I close my eyes Take a breath and I picture us in a place  I can't recognize  In the fire I call your name out Oh o oh oo ahh ahh  Up full night tryin' to rub the pain out  Oh o oh oo ahh ahh I'm singin' Baby don't cry Baby don't cry  Dancin' in circles feels good to be lonely Baby don't cry Baby don't cry I'm singin' dancin' in circles feels good to be lonely  Tap down those boots while I beat around Let's funk downtown  Tap down those boots while I beat around Funk me downtown  I fool myself  Swirl around as if I'm someone else  Your hands are mine  I do a trick  Pretend that I am you until it clicks  I come alive  Come alive  In the fire I call your name out Call your name out call your name out Up full night tryin' to rub the pain out Oh o oh oo ahh ahh I'm singin' Baby don't cry Baby don't cry  Dancin' in circles feels good to be lonely Baby don't cry Baby don't cry I'm singin' dancin' in circles feels good to be lonely  Tap down those boots while I beat around Let's funk downtown  Tap down those boots while I beat around Funk me downtown  Tap down those boots while I beat around Let's funk downtown  Tap down those boots while I beat around Funk me downtown  Hurts inside but not this time All the things that are on my mind  Vanish as I touch myself  Call out loud for you Oh can you hear me singin' Baby don't cry Baby don't cry  Dancin' in circles feels good to be lonely Baby don't cry Baby don't cry I'm singin' Dancin' in circles feels good to be lonely  Tap down those boots while I beat around Let's funk downtown  Tap down those boots while I beat around Funk me downtown  Tap down those boots while I beat around Let's funk downtown  Tap down those boots while I beat around Funk me downtown 
 Last night, Our lovers' quarrel (I was thinkin about you) Hurts more than I can say (And it was, kinda dirty) All night (and the way you looked at me) Help me here (It was kinda nasty) Help me here (It was kinda trashy) Cuz I can't help my mind from going there Heard your boyfriend was away this weekend Wanna meet at my place? Heard that we both got nothing to do And I lay in bed I touch myself and I thinka you Last night Damn, you were in my Sexxx Dreams (you were in my) Doin' really nasty things (you were in my dreams) Damn, you were in my Sexxx Dreams (you were in my) Makin love in my Sexxx Dreams We could be caught (I just want this to be perfect) We're both convicted criminals of thought (cuz I'm broken) Let's white (by the one before) glove the bed (He was kinda nasty) Help me here (And feels so trashy) Cuz we can't hide the evidence in our head Heard your boyfriend was away this weekend Wanna meet at my place Heard that we both got nothing to do When I lay in bed I touch myself and I think of you Last night Damn, you were in my Sexxx Dreams (you were in my) Doin' really nasty things (you were in my dreams) Damn, you were in my Sexxx Dreams (you were in my) Makin' love in my Sexxx Dreams Don't stop the party (Makin' love in our Sexxx Dreams) Let's keep it naughty (Makin' love in my Sexxx Dreams) Watch me under you (Makin' love in my Sexxx Dreams) Tomorrow when I run into you, Tomorrow when I run into you You could turn a stone or the color of a man petrified by a woman in love as I am when I lay with you I thinka him, I thinka him I can't believe I’m telling you this, but I've had a couple drinks and oh my god Last night Damn, you were in my Sexxx Dreams (you were in my) Doin' really nasty things (you were in dreams) Damn, you were in my Sexxx Dreams (you were in my) Last night (Don't stop the party) Damn, you were in my Sexxx Dreams (Let's keep it naughty) Doin' really nasty things (Watch me under you) Damn, you were in my Sexxx Dreams (Tomorrow when I run into you) Makin' love in my Sexxx Dreams 
I was 23 She was 35 I was spiralling out And she was so alive A Texas girl real strong Taught me this strong song  So when I start to bawl She says let your teardrops fall All the Pinot Pinot Grigio girls Pour your heart out  Watch your blues turn gold All the Pinot Pinot Grigio girls Keep it real cold  'Cause it's a fired up world Oh oh make it all make sense Oh oh does it all make sense Oh oh make it all make sense  Sisters never pack up  We always run back love  Seven years ago I said you'd make it so  Sonja was Joanne's friend Tough girls on the mend So when I'm feeling small  I toss that cork and call All the Pinot Pinot Grigio girls Pour your heart out  Watch your blues turn gold All the Pinot Pinot Grigio girls Keep it real cold  'Cause it's a fired up world Oh oh make it all make sense Oh oh make it all make sense Oh oh does it all make sense  So we'll turn on a bachelorette  Dye Ashley's hair red  And then we'll have our sixth  Spice girl in this bitch All the Pinot Pinot Grigio girls Pour your heart out  Watch your blues turn gold All the Pinot Pinot Grigio girls Keep it real cold  'Cause it's a fired up world All the Pinot Pinot Grigio girls Gather 'round now  Watch your blues turn gold All the Pinot Pinot Grigio girls Keep it real cold 'Cause it's a fired up world 
